Yagbook Encyclopedia

Tools for generating an Encyclopedia from Yagsbook documentation.
Released under the GPL v2. See the file COPYING for details.

ant.latest.version=1.2.0

Releases

Latest

1.2.0 - 10th May 2009
  * Updated to work with FOP 0.9X, which breaks compatibility
    with the old APIs

1.1.0 - 28th February 2006
  * Can now set properties from Ant task and pass them to the
    XSLT. Needed to support control of generated output.

  * Improved command line arguments to make it more flexible
    and easier to use.


1.0.0 - 15th January 2006

  * Building release for Sourceforge.


Running
-------

In order to run the Encyclopedia, use something like the following:

java -jar encyclopedia.jar -config examples/config.xml -src examples/player -dest tmp

This will build the example encyclopedia in the directory tmp.
Note that this assumes you are using Linux or some other UNIX-like
operating system. Paths etc may be different on other systems.

The file tmp/index.html will contain the main index for the generated
encyclopedia.

The Example
-----------

The example contains a few articles from the Habisfern campaign
setting. All the articles to be included in the encyclopedia are
stored within the 'player' directory. Multiple directories can
be added from the -src argument, and all files with a '.yags'
extension will be added. Directories can be nested to many
layers, though this structure is ignored in the final output.

The config.xml describes some basic rules on how to categorise
documents and such.

Notes

Topics

Topics are URIs which relate to the current entry. So Dyrisa would have topics
of Kanday (it is in Kanday), Harn (it is on Harn) and Kethira (it is on the world
of Kethira). All entries are automatically added to the 'all' topic.


Categories

Categories define what sort of thing this entry is. Categories are divided into
major categories and minor categories.

Landscape       Forest, Hill, Mountain, River, Lake, Sea, Cave, Desert
Settlement      Village, Town, City, Castle, Stones, Temple, Port, Academic
Animal
Plant           Tree, Planet, Herb
Person          Wizard, Warrior, Merchant, Priest
Society         Religion, Underworld, Guild, Military
Region          Country, Shire, Kingdom


Map

When importing a map, the following syntax is expected.

<import-map uri="euressa" scale="4">
    <crop x="20" y="20" width="12" height="8"/>
</import-map>


How do we name map images?
Cannot just name them after the map, since a single map may produce
multiple different images - e.g. if several things are displayed, or
several areas cropped.

uri-scale.jpg
uri-crop-x-y-w-h-scale.jpg
uri-area-name-margin-scale.jpg
uri-thing-name-radius-scale.jpg

